# Aaron Ti

- <mcdulltii@gmail.com>
- [Portfolio](https://mcdulltii.github.io)
- [Github](https://github.com/mcdulltii)
- Singapore

Having a curious mindset towards computer science, I always seek for new directions to gain more knowledge. From binary exploits to web development, computer renders to assembly, these are some of the fields within computer science that I have worked on. Being passionate about developing my skills and knowledge in computer science, I actively take up a myriad of opportunities to learn as much as I can.

## Skills

 - Programming (High & low level)
 - Malware Analysis & Threat Hunting
 - Full Stack Development
 - 3D Design & Rendering

## Experience

### <span>Coding</span>

 - Python, C, C#, C++, Nim, Rust, Golang, Javascript, Java, Assembly

### <span>Technologies/Environment</span>

 - Windows, Linux, OpenGL, Web frameworks, Docker, Cinema4D, Blender, Unity, UnrealEngine

## Employment History

### <span>DevSecOps Intern at GuardRails</span> <span>Oct 2022 - Dec 2022</span>

 - Used Semgrep to quickly find and prevent security issues in various technologies.
 - Integrated Semgrep into the organization's CI/CD pipeline, helping to enforce security standards and protect against OWASP Top 10 vulnerabilities.

### <span>Threat and Incident Specialist at MINDEF - Military Security Department (MSD)</span> <span>Apr 2020 -- Apr 2022</span>

 - Reviewed violations of computer security procedures and developed mitigation plans.
 - Delved into malware analysis and threat hunting, in turn, researching and developing computer forensic tools.
 - Analyzed malicious obfuscation methods, researched and reverse-engineered malicious samples for further understanding of their procedures.

### <span>Software Developer at Helloholo</span> <span>Nov 2020 -- Jan 2021</span>

 - Developed and implemented interactive AV design and integrated VR technologies with corporate visions.
 - Experimented with new technologies (Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, and Mixed Reality), and assisted in developing software compatible with Extended Reality devices.
 - Introduced Oculus development for simulation and AR technology.

### <span>Intern at Institute of High Performance Computing (IHPC) A*STAR</span> <span>May 2017 -- Jan 2018</span>

 - Using high-performance simulation software to understand the behavior of light and electromagnetic waves in both dielectric materials as well as metals.
 - Coordinated effectively with a team of 4 members possessing skills in high-performance computing.

## Projects

### <span>[obfDetect](https://github.com/mcdulltii/obfDetect)</span> <span>Aug 2021 -- Oct 2021</span>

Automatically detects obfuscated code and other state machines in binary samples

 - IDA Scripting to perform heuristic calculations on function Abstract Syntax Trees (AST).
 - Detects function anomalies and obfuscated assembly code based on heuristic complexities.

## Courses / Certifications

### <span>[Advanced Malware Analysis Techniques](https://xtraining.kaspersky.com/courses/advanced-malware-analysis-techniques)</span>

 - Analyze modern complicated code samples, from receiving the initial artifact, all the way to producing a technical description of the attacker’s TTPs with IOCs
 - Produce static decryptors for real-life scenarios and then continue with in-depth analysis of the malicious code
 - Analyze malicious documents that are typically used to deliver initial payloads and know how to extract them
 - Ensure damage assessment and incident response efforts are accurate and effective

### <span>[Targeted Malware Reverse Engineering](https://xtraining.kaspersky.com/courses/targeted-malware-reverse-engineering)</span>

 - Analyze real-life malware used in the wild by APT groups.
 - Reverse-engineer malicious documents and exploits.
 - Approach reverse engineering programs written in several programming or scripting languages (C, .NET, Delphi, Powershell, JavaScript, C++) and compiled for different architectures (x86, x64) with different compilers or operating systems (Windows, Linux).
 - Handle obfuscated or encrypted content in malicious software.

### <span>[Reverse Engineering 101](https://kaspersky-xtraining.com/course/bootcamp-101)</span>

- Gain the initial knowledge needed for malware analysis
- Analyze executables generated by different compilers to be more familiar with "esoteric" executables

## Education

### <span>Singapore Institute of Technology and University of Glasgow</span> <span>2022 -- Present</span>

 - Undergraduate in Computing Science.
 - Actively seeking out connections and job opportunities to broaden my horizon

### <span>Singapore Institute of Technology</span> <span>2019 -- 2022</span>

 - Undergraduate in Information Security, as part of the Work-Study programme in the Cyber NSF Scheme.
 - Building on my computing knowledge in the varying fields of computer science, such as Information Security and Interactive Simulation.
 - Delved into the niche topics within computer science as part of Capture-The-Flag (CTF) teams both locally and overseas. Some of the niche topics that I have explored are the makings of malware and reverse engineering,

### <span>Anglo-Chinese Junior College</span> <span>2017 -- 2018</span>

 - GCE A-Levels (Further Mathematics, H2 Mathematics, H2 Physics).
 - Expressed my passion for computer science by developing real-time computer vision models in my school's computing CCA.
 - Created 3D models and textures, computer renders, and shaders in several modeling/texturing applications.
